Night vision is now the worst potion in
Minecraft because Mojang just ruined it.
Night vision is already pretty unused
because it requires the player to go to
the Nether and get a bunch of resources
to get it. And by the time you're at the
brewing stage, you've probably already
done most of the mining in your world.
So, you don't really need night vision.
But worse than that, after all your
work, you only get 24 minutes of night
vision. They take up a bunch of slots in
your inventory since they don't stack.
And so many players use fullbrite or
just put down torches. But even worse
than that, night vision makes no sense.
For some reason, night vision makes
darker areas brighter and brighter areas
darker instead of just making everything
uniformly bright. This is pretty much
unnoticeable if you're normal and use
the highest brightness setting. But if
you play with lower brightness, it makes
torches darker than a pitch black area,
which makes no sense. Also, above ground
has moonlight, so it should be pretty
bright with night vision. But it isn't,
and caves are brighter for some reason.
But worst of all, people who used bright
brightness never used to have to deal
with this. But in the newest versions of
Minecraft, Mojang made night vision way
darker by making night vision look like
moody brightness no matter